data/work/tanifund.md, before:

---
id: 2
title: Tanifund
slug: tanifund
type: WEB DEV
heading: May 2021 -  Aug 2021 | PT. Tani Fund Madani Indonesia
cover: /static/images/projects/project/4.png
banner: /static/images/projects/tanifund/banner.png
description: A growing mission-driven Peer-to-Peer (P2P) lending company in Indonesia, focus on connecting agriculture stakeholders to working capital.
link: "https://tanifund.com/"
date: Dec 10, 2021
---

> ## Background

Tanifund is a growing mission-driven Peer-to-Peer (P2P) lending company in Indonesia, focus on connecting agriculture stakeholders to working capital by utilizing crowdfunding platform.

Founded in 2017, TaniFund along with TaniHub focus on connecting farmers with market while ensuring their access to financial (through P2P lending system) and technical supports. Our business values consist of social impact, excellence and innovation. We strive to achieve more by empowering more stakeholders across the country.

as part of [Tanihubgroup](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tanihub/), Tanifund ambitious in pushing dreams into reality: Connecting farms with people, together growing the future.

![Tanifund Partner](/static/images/projects/tanifund/farmer.jfif)

## Description coming soon...

Commit message:

chores: update work markdown data

data/work/tanifund.md, after:

---
id: 2
title: Tanifund
slug: /work/tanifund
type: WEB DEV
heading: May 2021 -  Aug 2021 | PT. Tani Fund Madani Indonesia
cover: /static/images/projects/project/tanifund.png
banner: /static/images/projects/tanifund/banner.svg
description: A Peer-to-Peer (P2P) lending company in Indonesia, focus on connecting agriculture stakeholders to capital.
link: "https://tanifund.com/"
date: Dec 10, 2021
---

> ## Background

Tanifund is a growing mission-driven Peer-to-Peer (P2P) lending company in Indonesia, focus on connecting agriculture stakeholders to working capital by utilizing crowdfunding platform.

Founded in 2017, TaniFund along with TaniHub focus on connecting farmers with market while ensuring their access to financial (through P2P lending system) and technical supports. Our business values consist of social impact, excellence and innovation. We strive to achieve more by empowering more stakeholders across the country.

as part of [Tanihubgroup](https://www.linkedin.com/company/tanihub/), Tanifund ambitious in pushing dreams into reality: Connecting farms with people, together growing the future.

![Tanifund Partner](/static/images/projects/tanifund/farmer.jfif)
> ## My Work

I joined Tanifund in May 2021 - August 2021 as a Frontend Engineer Intern working on both tanifund.com (lender) and mitra.tanifund.com(borrower), I contribute to simple tasks such as updating the F.A.Q Page design, updating the new homepage banner carousel to a quite challenging task which is creating a referral form/system.

> ## Proudest Works

I created a referral registration form that submits user data and gives the user the referral code that they can share with other new users.

![Tanifund Partner](/static/images/projects/tanifund/referral-1.jpeg)
![Tanifund Partner](/static/images/projects/tanifund/referral-2.jpeg)


> ## Technology

List of technology I use in Tanifund

- Vue.js/Nuxt.js
- Bulma, SCSS
- State Management (Vuex)
- Testing (Jest, Testing Library)
